gh-105111: remove deprecated macros Py_TRASHCAN_SAFE_BEGIN and Py_TRASHCAN_SAFE_END (#105112)
python/cpython: Doc/whatsnew/3.13.rst

  third-party Tix library which the module wrapped is unmaintained.
  (Contributed by Zachary Ware in :gh:`75552`.)

> * Remove the old trashcan macros (``Py_TRASHCAN_SAFE_BEGIN``/``Py_TRASHCAN_SAFE_END``).

Reviewer: The macro names are important, i suggest to remove the parenthesis.

>   are now deprecated. They should be replaced by the new macros ``Py_TRASHCAN_BEGIN``

Reviewer: I don't get the "are now deprecated" part. Mistake?

> * Remove the old trashcan macros (``Py_TRASHCAN_SAFE_BEGIN``/``Py_TRASHCAN_SAFE_END``).
>   are now deprecated. They should be replaced by the new macros ``Py_TRASHCAN_BEGIN``

Author: ```suggestion
* Remove the old trashcan macros ``Py_TRASHCAN_SAFE_BEGIN`` and ``Py_TRASHCAN_SAFE_END``.
They should be replaced by the new macros ``Py_TRASHCAN_BEGIN``
```

  third-party Tix library which the module wrapped is unmaintained.
  (Contributed by Zachary Ware in :gh:`75552`.)

* Remove the old trashcan macros ``Py_TRASHCAN_SAFE_BEGIN`` and
  ``Py_TRASHCAN_SAFE_END``.  They should be replaced by the new macros
  ``Py_TRASHCAN_BEGIN`` and ``Py_TRASHCAN_END``.  The new macros were

>   added in Python 3.8 and the old macros were deprecated in Python 3.11.i

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  added in Python 3.8 and the old macros were deprecated in Python 3.11.
```

This section lists previously described changes and other bugfixes
that may require changes to your code.

> * The old trashcan macros (``Py_TRASHCAN_SAFE_BEGIN``/``Py_TRASHCAN_SAFE_END``)

Reviewer: I saw many times that removal and how to port removed code were documented at two different places. Why not move "how to port" in the Removed section?

Author: I assume the idea is that the "porting" section tells you what might break when you try to run your code on the new version, so you can focus on that during the upgrade and ignore new features and bugifxes that aren't going to break your code.

> * The old trashcan macros (``Py_TRASHCAN_SAFE_BEGIN``/``Py_TRASHCAN_SAFE_END``)

Author: ```suggestion
* The old trashcan macros ``Py_TRASHCAN_SAFE_BEGIN`` and ``Py_TRASHCAN_SAFE_END``
```
